https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-12320--intro to HCP (#7116)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/about/cluster_mce_overview.adoc

- Release images are the version of {ocp-short} that you use when you create a cluster. For clusters that are created using {acm-short}, you can enable automatic upgrading of your release images. For more information about release images in {acm-short}, see _Release images_.

> - With hosted control planes for {ocp-short}, you can create control planes as pods on a hosting cluster without the need for dedicated physical machines for each control plane. See the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.17/html/hosted_control_planes/hosted-control-planes-overview#hosted-control-planes-overview[{ocp-short} Hosted control planes overview] in the {ocp-short} documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With hosted control planes for {ocp-short}, you can create control planes as pods on a hosting cluster without the need for dedicated physical machines for each control plane. See the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.17/html/hosted_control_planes/hosted-control-planes-overview[Hosted control planes overview] in the {ocp-short} documentation. 
```

> - *Important* If you are using {mce-short} 2.6 and earlier, the hosted control planes documentation is located in the {acm-short} product documentation. See {acm-short} link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#add-resource-enable-discovery[Hosted control planes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Important* If you are using {mce-short} 2.6 and earlier, the hosted control planes documentation is located in the {acm-short} product documentation. See {acm-short} link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#hosted-control-planes-intro[Hosted control planes].
```
